This is banquet farming
Who dares to steal classes?
Haha, Mr. Nie is here.
Mr. Nie is here
He is the person in charge of Wanjia in Tianhai
Today's Wanshang Conference was signed and hosted by him
Mr. Nie is the richest man in Tianhai
The entire Tianhai belongs to Director Nie
Wan Jiaqi, aren't you stubborn?
Do you dare to tell Mr. Nie?
Amami Richest
It's me at this party
Co-founded with Nie Yuanwu, the richest man in Tianhai
Hello, are you Mr. Nie?
Introduce yourself
I am Wang Jiaqi
You know me?
Came out and mentioned you to me
So you are also a member of the Wanjia
That's right, I'm the eldest young master of Wanjia
Tonight's business fair
Thank you for your trouble.
You are the eldest young master of Wanjia
Right.
Where did the wild boy dare to pretend to be the eldest young master of Wan Family?
I think you ate bear hearts and leopard gall